docs: add more detail to the CONTRIBUTING.md file in fast-components (#3996)
microsoft/fast: packages/web-components/fast-components/CONTRIBUTING.md

> The component explorer is a [site](https://explore.fast.design) that showcases the components in the `@microsoft/fast-components` package. This acts as part of the documentation story, in order to expose a component it must have a [definition](#definition) and [configuration](#configuration).

Reviewer: You'll want to update this link

Author: @nicholasrice What is the correct link?

Reviewer 2: @nicholasrice can you provide the link?  I'm not sure which we're talking about.  But, would be great to get this in since it's gone stale.  Thanks

## Definitions

### Component Definition

Each component must have a **definition**. This file describes the components API.

First create a `.ts` (typescript) file using spinal-case. This should be the name of your component, append with `.definition`:
```

> my-component/

Reviewer: This isn't so much related to the change, but we don't really describe what the definition *is* anywhere... What is this definition export? Is there a description we can link to?

This might mostly be a question for @janechu

Author: There is a very brief description on line 11. It could be elaborated on.

Reviewer 3: We could link to the VSCode customData github for reference as that is where the format for the definition comes from: https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-custom-data

You might include a line like "in order to be used in @microsoft/fast-tooling and for integration with the monaco editor the definition used is the same as the VSCode customData format".

Author: @nicholasrice @janechu Updated to include more clarity for Definitions. Please review when you get a chance. Thanks!

  └─ fixtures/
  └─ index.ts
  └─ my-component.definition.ts <--
  └─ my-component.stories.ts
  └─ my-component.styles.ts
```

> Next add your export from the file to the component's `index.ts`.

Reviewer: > Next add your export from the file to the component's `index.ts`.

I don't quite follow this, perhaps it could be clarified a bit? *What* is being exported from *which* file?

Author: I'm not entirely sure if this line is relevant. @janechu @EisenbergEffect Can you clarify this line?

Reviewer 3: Yeah that's wrong, it should be from the `component-definition.ts` file in `fast-components/src/component-definition.ts`.

Author: Updated to reflect @janechu's comment.

> Next add your file's export to [./src/component-definitions.ts](./src/component-definitions.ts):

Reviewer: same comment here, can we replace "your file" with a more specific descriptor?

Author: @nicholasrice Would you say the example directly following this line is not a sufficient descriptor? I can elaborate further if you believe it's still not clear.

Reviewer 3: Maybe:

```suggestion
Next add the new definition file as an export from [./src/component-definitions.ts](./src/component-definitions.ts):
```

Author: Updated using @janechu's suggestion.
